Add docs for renderMarkdown (#11801)
withastro/docs: src/content/docs/en/reference/content-loader-reference.mdx

}
```

#### `renderMarkdown`

<p>
**Type**: `(markdown: string) => Promise<RenderedContent>`
</p>
<Since v="5.9.0" />

> Renders a Markdown string to HTML, returning a `RenderedContent` object. This allows the entry to be rendered in a page using the [`render()` function and `<Content />` component](/en/guides/content-collections/#rendering-body-content). To enable this, assign the rendered content to the [`rendered`](#rendered) field of the [`DataEntry`](#dataentry) object.

Author: "support" perhaps?

> Renders a Markdown string to HTML, returning a `RenderedContent` object. This allows the entry to be rendered in a page using the [`render()` function and `<Content />` component](/en/guides/content-collections/#rendering-body-content). To enable this, assign the rendered content to the [`rendered`](#rendered) field of the [`DataEntry`](#dataentry) object.

Reviewer: I don't think it's just a matter of swapping out a word like that. The sentence construction feels a little off. (For other helper functions, we don't typically have a "to do the thing that this function does" kind of opening clause unless we are taking the opportunity to spell out in full what the function does.)

What about a more direct "use this thing in this location" framing:

> Use this function in the [`rendered`](#rendered) field of the [`DataEntry`](#dataentry) object to ...

- make your collection entries available to the content layer data store as rendered Markdown.
- access your content collection entries as fully-rendered Markdown
- ... ?

> Renders a Markdown string to HTML, returning a `RenderedContent` object. This allows the entry to be rendered in a page using the [`render()` function and `<Content />` component](/en/guides/content-collections/#rendering-body-content). To enable this, assign the rendered content to the [`rendered`](#rendered) field of the [`DataEntry`](#dataentry) object.

Author: It's not the content layer data store that it's made available to, that's just where it's stored – it's made available to the user

> Renders a Markdown string to HTML, returning a `RenderedContent` object. This allows the entry to be rendered in a page using the [`render()` function and `<Content />` component](/en/guides/content-collections/#rendering-body-content). To enable this, assign the rendered content to the [`rendered`](#rendered) field of the [`DataEntry`](#dataentry) object.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Renders a Markdown string to HTML, returning a `RenderedContent` object.

This allows allows you to render Markdown content directly within your loaders using the same Markdown processing as Astro's built-in `glob` loader and provides access to the `render()` function and `<Content />` component for [rendering body content](/en/guides/content-collections/#rendering-body-content).

To process Markdown in your loader, assign the rendered content to the [`rendered`](#rendered) field of the [`DataEntry`](#dataentry) object:
```
OK, borrowed a bit from the changeset here. What about *this*? 😅

Author: The final sentence still isn't right! You can process Markdown without assigning it like that – it just means users won't be able to use the `render()` feature.

Author: The key points are:

- if you assign an HTML string to `rendered.html`, users can use `render()` and `<Content />` to display the rendered content on a page. That HTML could come from anywhere, e.g. it may be returned from the CMS.
- with the `renderMarkdown` helper, you can render markdown to HTML. What you do with that HTML is up to you.
- ...therefore, you can use the helper to render the markdown to HTML and then assign it to `rendered` and users will be able to use `render()` and `<Content />` to display the rendered content on a page

Author: OK. Could you do it as a suggestion so it's clear?

Reviewer: Yes, edited my suggestion above to be MOST RECENT.

Author: We did it Joe!
